31·
range myself under the standard or Nicias intui„ in-
stance, became 1 unifomly find the first syllable in ἄδι..
,and its derivatas short, and because 1 find the ὃ doubled·

not only in ἐὰν but in some ofits derivates even in prose

‚writers and in lexicographer33 which 1 consider as quite
sufficient authority. Resides, if the Reviewer’s argu..

ment proves any thing, it proves too much3 for it will
follow that if he sides with Aristarchus he must not write
ἅδῃ, but ἅδην, so that 118 has not had the dexterity to
make use of his materials properly 1 at least he has
displayed his learning at the expence of his accuracy. So
much for the Homeric passage3 what are the opinions of
modern commentators respecting it 1 cannot tell, as I do
not possess Heyne’s Homer, but Ι suppose 118 notices the
variation. However, as to the point in question, my note
is “ Ἀθη, Brunck. Schutz. Pors. Retineo ἅδὰι, quia 111 88
consentiunt codices, nec repugnat metrum· Hesych.
‘A'hm αἶς εὗρον καὶ αἷς τλησμουῆν.” The object, therefore, Of
my note is to acknowledge that ἔδυ istloe more usualfhm,
and to give my reason, notfin· pvffern’ng, but merely for
not aumhg that deviation, which may be supported by
abundant authority, and which, if 1 were disposed to
cavil, 1 could defend on stronger etymological grounds
than the Reviewer is probably aware of.

‘⁶ Mr. Butler seldom notiees the Attio form of u for ρ
(which in fact is only the most antient orthography,
retained after the invention of the H), as πςοθυμιῖ 631 3
and often quotes passages without making this correction.
At v. 723, he writes thus, “129 Goth. 2 Ask. B. C. D.
Cant. 2. Ar. Brunclc. Schutz. Por-son ς’ whereas, in fact,
Porson has τευ as usual.”—1 will confess to you, my
§¹081 Sir, I did really start up from my chair when 1 read

this

